docs: Add helm chart details to OTel Engine docs (#5513)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/opentelemetry/get-started.md

The output of both engines is visible in the logs.
You can access the {{< param "DEFAULT_ENGINE" >}} UI and metrics on port `12345`.

## Run with The OpenTelemetry Collector Helm chart

> As of now, the best way to run the {{< param "OTEL_ENGINE" >}} is using the upstream OpenTelemetry Collector Helm chart. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the upstream OpenTelemetry Collector Helm chart run the {{< param "OTEL_ENGINE" >}} . 
```

Keep it simple and direct. Don't imply changes that may or may not happen :-)

> This delivers an identical upstream collector experience and ensures you get improvements, bug fixes and security updates as they land.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This delivers an identical upstream collector experience and ensures you get improvements, bug fixes, and security updates as they are released.
```

The following example helm `values.yaml` incorporates the same configuration seen above into a Kubernetes deployment.

{{< admonition type="note" >}}
In this configuration, binding port `8888` to `0.0.0.0` makes the metrics endpoint listen on all interfaces inside the Pod. It can be reached from other Pods in the cluster and with `kubectl port-forward`.
{{< /admonition >}}

```yaml
image:
  repository: grafana/alloy

>   tag: latest

Reviewer 2: Note, this will only work for 1.14+, but I think that all aligns with when these docs are going to be released.

  pullPolicy: IfNotPresent

command: 

>   name: "bin/otelcol"

Reviewer 2: I think it's worth adding a comment explaining this. 
- This is a wrapper around `alloy` binary that runs `alloy otel` command
- It's useful when, like in case of this chart, it's not available to fully customise the arguments or the container entrypoint.
